and here we are we are the Persian of
Chabahar we just pulled over on the side
of the street to look at this beautiful
scenery here we're on our way here we're
going to Derek Derek is really beautiful
places it's the only place you can find
desert and sea together and we're gonna
have hvar E which is a special rice with
the whole lamb on it another haul them
yeah another whole laughs and we're
gonna go to 0 baht which you can't find
banana trees and right on the ocean and
they're together exactly exactly and our
car is just right and we're driving out
deep into the desert to try an original
village style hvar ELab driving through
wild deserts with camels mud volcanoes
and more this is the ultimate Persian
desert adventure and here we are we are
off deep in the desert with mr. taster
with Salam Chava ha ha ha with Ali
Persia tour guide and of course ping and
we're going for hvar e the whole Persian
lab it's gonna be a lot of fun one who's
a camel and this is the mud volcano up
here good luck son cruising through the
desert going to a mud volcano right now
Persian deserts around Chava take a look
good job a hard desert with the moon
explorers now yeah get off Sean laughs
Sean this is a super rare phenomenon
this year it's mud you can't find it
anywhere in here
supercool things just hiking up right
now look at this view
I'm here it is Wow
it's a mud volcano look at that you
don't want to fall in there no we can't
go in there
oh my goodness look at that it's a
totally soft mud floor
this is Rama and Ali yeah you need to
move focus because if the mod exploded
we need to wait another 15 minutes and
this is it we made it to the top of the
mud volcano here outside of Chabahar and
we're just waiting for it to explode it
exposed every 15 or 20 minutes just
slightly I think so hopefully we got a
big one good on your skin oh it's cold
good for skin you like that thing super
cool and mr. taster is just over here
look at this look we've done that good
for the skin yeah it's really good I
can't feel it it's really cool young mr.
taste that you're gonna see me after
watching it oh that's gonna be a good
lamb scene let's go get that lamb
Oh baby coming oh and there's camels
baby camel oh and there's some sheep
here to wear today that's fun it's gonna
be good isn't it yeah you guys excited
for the whole yeah he's got his local
mud mask on oh and here's a camel in a
truck it's like wild camel sing in here
look at that guy just camels all over
there's wild camels as you just cross
through the desert we stopped on the
side of the road I know I'm saying and
the scenes along this desert highway are
spectacular
and there's a camel in a truck oh we got
all the food groups cows sheep damn oh
it's all here and before we knew it we
arrived at the local family home who
graciously cooked up the whole lamb for
us hibari style
we're just arriving so we got a local
family that's gonna cook a whole lamb
for us today yes here's mr. azim are you
my lucky staff this is so cool look at
this guy's deep in the desert and we're
going in Wow is this where the lamb
eating takes place yeah look at this
traditional balochi style living room
okay let's go watch how it's done yeah
let's go see the whole process and here
we go it starts right away
vegetable oil in pop oh and here it
starts with the onions it starts with
the PS the onions and this is the goat
that's gonna go in oh man those are big
chunks wash method for service is and
what's going into this area - it's
tomato garlic it's got pepper voices
especially for here is it Bellucci
tomato onion ice garlic garlic oh man
Liman video/sot is gonna be good frying
onions they're gonna get caramelized and
yeah we exactly mr. tomato
[Music]
then these are the secret spice mixes Oh
garlic important the meat it's going
right in Oh garlic and pepper combined
with this Balochi spice Balochi masala
[Laughter]
secret Balochi masala
yeah that's full on you can smell the
cumin this is the garlic and pepper
together cover his face Wow it smells so
strong yeah whatever
turmeric yeah that's the secret there
what is this cheese it's pepper
especially for meat that's incredible
you're gonna have tail again oh my and
we're gonna add that into throw it down
yeah look at that
oh and there's no water oh my god hey
watch my zest which was us - SS and
there's the lime the dried lime
wow that's unique oh good so many unique
spicy mixing all the spices together
it's magic and then tomato paste yeah we
go to service it will take two hours and
then they're gonna put the boiling rice
in there as well
so they cook together really so imagine
the juice of meat going to the roids and
you're gonna be amazing
it sounds very nice that's why how are
you so delicious messy juices tomatoes
are starting to melt that right there
smells so delicious you can smell the
bay leaves the garlic the lime has a
citrusy kick oh and the onions
how much is that so we're gonna go to
banana and farms now okay and then when
we come back it's ready cuz these are
the best bananas in the world here it is
yeah purely sweet a small one but so
delicious merci merci here we go let's
go for banana okay to try the best
bananas in the world tink
look at this guy's we're making our way
to the banana plantation to try the best
bananas in the world
beautiful area here here we go there's
the smell of bananas in the air we're
just cruising through oh and it's
starting right here watermelon that's
the food cleaner right yeah just put a
watermelon a toaster opening game Derek
oh and here they are the best bananas in
the world eh oh they're like Oh for you
so we just drove out about half an hour
from the goat cook well Derek to zarro
Boog's to right here we've got a
watermelon yeah in this giant watermelon
washing machine here exactly and we've
got two of the best bananas in the world
yeah try it off
that is a sweetie honey will every right
there let's go see the farm
well when here's the banana oh wow we're
going deep in the jungle yeah we're so
far in and there's the bananas look at
that and the flower is down here yeah
delicious here we go it's time for a
farm watermelon right from the source
look at that oh that is right from the
source merci
oh well there's no sleep on the little
oh thank you oh my goodness that
is sweet
oh my gosh Wow and ting just got the
giant look a little jealous look at the
size of that I miss a day sir
how's it tasting
[Music]
that is the sweetest watermelon ya yell
every it is really good oh yeah here we
go back to see the lamb it's gonna be
cooking nice and well we're just riding
into the sunset on our way back for the
lamb and before we knew it the whole
lamb was ready and we were greeted with
the most incredible ear Danian
hospitality here we are back at the home
for the lamb let's go see how that goat
is cooking up we're hungry by now you
can smell the masala actually it smells
a bit like cinnamon and bay leaves to me
yeah that is the secret concoction below
cheese town meat like the goat milk team
yeah me it's really famous in the area
that looks good milky and sweet let's
try it out oh the balochi chair yeah
look at that
how's that comfortable yeah nice look at
that we're gonna have a future oh yeah
and we are the Balochi Bros yeah with
penuche tea veloute t big t and the
Balochi chair yeah so you just put it
around oh yeah and that's comfortable
you can just sit yeah
we got some bread before the lab yeah oh
and shrimp appetizers Oh
booyah the Sala prawn appetizer those
are delicious they're not too spicy
either they're just really nice
Oh in the bread very nice the balochi
style run I mean that's guy I mean yes I
love this grab its lavash lavash lavash
and we're gonna check on the rice now
after the prawns
oh here we go whoa we're gonna put the
rice in look at the meat colors s you
can smell so many spices on there the
rice is going in there that is gonna be
super fragrant yeah there it is
taste it out oh and it's going in goat
juices yeah with spices inside there's
the prized lamb we're gonna keep this
amen all the rice cook yeah it's just
cooked Wow isn't that beautiful it's
beautiful and this is gonna go perfectly
with the coat yeah but though juice is
boiled that and next he's gonna put yeah
I think oh it's gonna go on that
there it is rice an onion and there it
is look at that that's the goat rice you
can smell the sweetness from the onion
or when the here here's the cabbage it's
colorful
[Applause]
look at that rice Wow can you tell them
it's some of the best looking meat we've
ever seen me getting watch my other
thing we should you could toilet it up
with the lime and the tomato always big
and this is a traditional balochi guest
room right yeah that's the biggest yeah
and there's still so much meat left
we've got about 10 people with us here
and that's just half of it exactly and
if you're gonna show you how to have it
with hand okay look at that
with your hand pinch it three fingers
four fingers and use the thumb here and
you just push it like boy just push it
push your elbow
yeah that's skin layer just looks it
just falls apart so you just like this
pinch like this forefinger
[Music]
[Laughter]
that's the mango pickle so strong is it
spicy
it is the spicy mm-hmm oh oh it's strong
yeah the meat just falls off there's the
skin look at that I'm really surprised
by how tender that meat is it's
extremely juicy not dry at all it's
boiled in its own fat Wow assume you are
the head of all ship in your own you
need to take a Kundu which one's the
same buzz : Safari the best in the whole
trip the best I know that for sure and
it's been a wonderful food packed trip
yeah
merci merci oh look at the meat oh you
can just pull it off with your fingers
that is extremely juicy gold and Thank
You chef azim very delicious
[Laughter]
Thank You chef Athena
bye bye thank you thanks sir you guys
can check out mr. taster mr. dot taster
on instagram down below I also want to
give a big thank you to this beautiful
guesthouse dar Baloch guesthouse in
Chapel ha wonderful rooms very
comfortable as well as salaam Chabahar
SN from salaam java ha and - pshh car of
Allah and Ali / - a guide for ranging
this whole trip if you guys are thinking
of coming to here and check out come to
Persia calm it's a wonderful time thanks
a lot